1)What is a program and Programing?What is coding?

A computer program is a sequence or set of instructions in a programming language for a computer to execute.
the process or activity of writing computer programs.

Coding is the process of transforming ideas, solutions, and instructions into the language that the computer can understand.

2)What is scripting language?
All scripting languages are programming languages. The scripting language is basically a language where instructions are written for a run time environment.
They do not require the compilation step and are rather interpreted. Example Bash,Node.js,Python

3)Why do we need programming languages?
It's easy. We need programming langauges to communicate with machine. Machine understands instructions in Binary 0's and 1's and it's extremely difficult to write
instructions in 0's and 1's so we need program languages so that we can write instructions in human readable format.

4)What are the types of lamguages and what are their advantages?

Types of languages are 1)Procedural language 2)Functional language 3)Object oriented language

Procedural:This type of language has series of steps and procedures to compose a program
Advantage:Program flows in a linear direction, which makes the same easy to track.

Functional:This type of language uses PURE FUNCTIONS i.e never modify variables but create new ones as output.
Advantages:Helps in projects like ML where we do different stuff with the same set of data,so data cant change.Python is an example of Functional

Object Oriented:Revolves around objects
Advantage:Developed to reuse software...so if we want to make any changes we can make changes to few objects instead of changing the entire code base
Like if I want to same some parts of teh car,the mechanic won't change the entire car.

5)Static vs dynamic languages?

Java is static language and Python is dynamic language
Static language do TYPE CHECKING at compile time while dynamic do checking at runtime
That means in static I have to tell compiler what is the DATATYPE whereas in dynamic I dont need,which is why

a=10;//Error in Java but not in Python because in Python no need to specify the datatype
correct version for java:
int a=10;
